# Project 1: A Night at the Movies - A Glimpse of Project SAO

This project is about coding a simulation inspired by a film, tv series or song of my choice. It could be anything really but I chose to re-animate a scene of an anime I like, namely Sword Art Online. More precisely, I re-animated an opening scene in the first episode of the first season. As to why I chose to re-animate this scene and this specific anime is because the visual and audio effects appeared fascinating and challenging to code. In addition, I chose it because I wanted to work more to improve my understanding of the time functions, such as setTimeout and hand-coded customizable timers. With that said, I incorporated what I learned about web storage to incorporate in the project as a library other than p5.js library.

I am aware when I decided to do a re-animation that this is a huge project, and it requires a lot of dedication and time for it. I did not succeed in handing it in time but I enjoy coding this project as I learned many new things about coding, despite the fact that I encountered many obstacles leading me to a corner when it comes to only use p5.js. That said, I had issues coding the visual effects I wanted as they require coding knowledge that is beyond what I know and since I did not have time to learn more about it, I tried to work with what I know. For example, some visual effects required WEBGL, vanilla Javascript, advanced Javascript coding or simply I did not know how to code it. Nonetheless, I solved some of these issues with the help of Sabine and Pippin.
