# Exercise 8: Desperately Seeking for Bubble Tea

This eighth exercise takes after its tutorial activity "Desperately Seeking Sadness" and was enhanced to make it more fun. As the tutorial of this exercise was already quite simple, I wanted to make the simulation more interactive and funny by changing the theme to Desperately Seeking for Bubble Tea.

For this exercise, there were not much difficulty as I kept it simple. But I did ran into issues that I solved with Sharon. So adding more emojis was simple but it meant more repetitions regarding its constructors and its event functions. So Sharon helped me clean it up by putting the constructors in a function. Then have relevant variables declared in the function so that it can be used multiple times for different emojis. Then there was the issue with restarting the game (and not only the scene). I searched through Phaser 3 examples about restarting the game I only found how to restart the scene but that I already know but it was not triggering a new game. So after debugging with Sharon, I found out that the issue was this.score() function was in conflict with the variable this.score. As a solution, I renamed the function to this.scoreUpdate(), and then the game was able to restart properly (FINALLY A GAME THAT RESTART PROPERLY and did not need me to instruct "Do CTRL + R to refresh page") I really don't like that option but it is my last resort when there is a time constraint.

Nevertheless, I do have another idea I wanted to implement in the game but I do not have time to do so at the moment so I will postpone it and do it in my free time. The idea was that every time the avatar overlaps/touches the satisfying food, it switch from a dizzy emoji to a relieved emoji, vice versa for disliked food. Yet, after some thoughts maybe it might be a good idea because the avatar would be glitching and grimacing every millisecond because it touches many food at the same time. Though maybe it could be a good idea! I do not know but I do want to try it out later!

All things considered, I really enjoyed coding this exercise. It was challenging yet fun. Maybe because I escaped the web libraries like jQuery and DOM haha. Don't get me wrong! I love using DOM and Jquery; They are suuuuper helpful!!!
