# Project 2: Anything™ Proposal - Escape the Gamingverse

Link to online project: https://crystals80.github.io/cart263/projects/project2/final/

Escape the Gamingverse is a simulation game imitating a virtual escape room. The theme of the escape room game is about Genshin Impact. Genshin Impact is an action role-playing game, similar to The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, developed by Mihoyo—who is now rebranded under Hoyoverse. The game features an anime-style open-world environment and an action-based battle system using elemental magic and character-switching. That said, I chose this theme because I wanted to create an escape room simulation that doe not involve horror or the cliché zombies apocalyptic situations. So I chose create a simulation where the player is trapped in a game while playing a game. I also chose Genshin Impact as a theme for my ecape room simulation because Genshin Impact has several puzzle games and I thought it would be a great opportunity to see what kind of content I can add to the simulation so that veteran Genshin Impact players and non Genshin Impact players can understand and play the game.

Another the purpose of using this theme is to tell a side-story of Genshin Impact. As there are many fanfiction and theories going on social media and in the Genshin Impact community, I wanted to take the time to turn a side-story into an interactive game where players can experience it not just by reading a script but also by solving puzzles. The story I would like to convey through this escape room game is that The Abyss (a group of antagonists) is planning a big event to fight the protagonists of Teyvat. To do so, they have to distract the latter in order to buy some time to finish planning their ultimate move by recruiting Earthlings. How does this make any sense since Genshin Impact does not involve Earthlings? Well, not to delve to much in context of Genshin Impact because I could go on and on, a character from the game made contact with Earthlings and The Abyss discovered this opportunity to proceed with their plans. In other words, a multidimensional discovery is what allowed the creation of this escape room.

Are you ready to discover the truth behind the existence of this escape room? Play the game to discover whether it is an entertaining dream or an inescapable trap!

For this project, I used Jquery Core 3.6.0 minified and Jquery UI 1.13 minified. Jquery scripts acquired [here](https://releases.jquery.com/). As for p5.js libraries, I used the minified version too. Download the most recent p5.min.js from [here](https://p5js.org/download/) and the most recent p5.sound.min.js from [here](https://github.com/processing/p5.js-sound/blob/main/lib/p5.sound.min.js)
